NOTES FOR QUALS PAPER:

modify figure one to add bar graphs of confidences in time. This will illustrate how the confidences become "peakier" with time. The goal is to make sure that the mode selected and the subsequent control of the robot in that mode, will indeed result in a peakier distribution. A unqiue maximum is not necessarily the case. Wiull depnds on the confidence function and the spatial goal distribution

Integrate introduction and related works. 

Talk about the components of the algorithm and describe each component using a single line. 

Maybe skip the blending paradigm altogether?

1 to 2 paragraphs for describing the experiment. 



Presentation Outline 

Slide 1:

Overview of Assistive Robotics:
Possibly similar to slide 1 of CASE presentation

Slide 2:
Kinds of shared control:
Block Diagram of how user control and robot control is "combined" to produce final control command

Blocks: uh, uf, "combination algorithm", paramterization for combination based on human intent (intent inference informing the combination algo block), senosry modalities, final control commands, feedback. 

Highlight the intent inference part and convey that this work focuses primarily on intent inference and wyas to improve it. 

Why is intent inference hard? modal control. low bandwidth signals, low dimensional signals, high variability, "obvious methods" such as speech is not robust in real environments, 

Why is intent inference important? Earlier the intent is inferred, the faster the assistance can be provided. 


Slide 3 (Needs some research on this. )
Intent inference: Related work:

Intent communication (via click interfaces, laser pointers, speech interfaces) vs. Intent inference Cognitive scientists, Model based, Cue Based, Assistive domain, Mental models, intent inference via perception. 

Slide 4:
Slide in which different terms such as inverse legibility, disambiguation, information content etc is presented. Anchor in on Figure 1. 

Supplement the current Figure 1 with "bar graphs" confidences. Two sets of bar graphs. one for dimension x, one for dimension y. Tlka briefly about how there can be a metric which gives an idea of which one of the two goals the user is going for? Motions are not just random,m but results of planning, that is they are expressing an underlying intent. 

By demonstraing how the bargraphs will be different, describe why certain "dimensions" will have "more" information regarding the user's intent upon motion and thereby helps in "disambiguating" between the goals. Fro the robot's perspective not all kinds of "signals" or motion cues are legible....and legibility in this context is a measure of how intent expressive this is. 

State the problem we ar etrying to address by involving words such as disambiguation, legibility. And by identifying the dimensions that would maximize the disambiguation capability, we are in a way trying to "force" the user operate the robot in a mode which will elicit maximum information regarding the user's intent. 

Slide 4b?

Help Me help you, people helping robots helping people. Another way of looking at this is that there are might be certain kinds of signals or control commands that the user can use to "nudge" the robot to provide the right kind of assistance. 

Slide 5a,b,c,d: Mathematical Formalism beginning. 

Again ground this in an example. Have 2 or 3 different sets of confidences, each representing a dimension. Introduce notation. g, c, k, m, dk, dm

Confidences - Subsection. Its actually a hyper surface! but we can look at c only as a function of each dimension. then a bar graph representation will make sense. 

Emphasize the heuristic aspect of the metric and how I decided to "design" what aspects should infomr the metric. 

Talk about the Design of the disambiguation metric. 
Every component should be anchored in the picture
With gradient based ocmponents have mutliple bar graphs and show

Slide 6:
Experimental Study:

Simulation based experiments:
1. Impact of choice of confidence functions
2. The robustness of the assumptions. (anchor this in a picture)

Slide 6b:
Hardware study:

Describe experimental set up and protocol. With pictures:
Describe interfaces: with pictures and table

Describe the metrics and population and emphaszie the pilot study part of it!

Slide 7:
DEsribe the plot and interpret the results

Slide 8:
Current limitations:

Slide 9: Current implementation: 

ODE for confidence so that they have memory



**********************************************************************
Higher level:

Less in the beginning, more on results

Don't have empty slides for the most part. 
More pop
titles should be flipped for all slides. 

Notes:

Add an outline slide...?

Divide into sections...
Slide 1:
citation pictures - done

***
Proper citations for pictures. 



Slide 2 - done

Present the interfaces separately....Easier to hardest. Put names under the interfaces. Replace 7DOF with 6+1DOF. Indicating one for gripper. Start to consolidate the arm example. 


Slide 4:
Put it at the end for back up. Use some other words and not "intersection"

Maybe add sentence regarding how "modes" can also refer to predefined motion primitive etc. 


Slide 5:

Talk about dimensionality mismatch and why control space needs to be partitioned. Describe and establish what modes using example. 
have sip n' puff partitioning. then motivate the modal control hard
videos from old study...showing modal control is hard.

Slide 6:
Not needed to talk about shared autonomy explicitly a lot. 
What is intent? Describe. in terms of the goals that the user might be going for. Anchor in pictures. 
No wheel chair talk. remove cliparts citation
Change robot brain picture to a "computer picture. "

Illustrate heirarchical and blending based in pictures, on the space in the right. 

SLide 7:

Align the text the properly. Captilization. 
Explicit and implicit. instead of touchpads, GUI

Good. Look into citations properly and understand the content in a decent way. Maybe talk about "dominant" approaches. 

Slide 8:

Remove bar graphs: Just talk about it. 

More legiblie legibility.

Have the word inverse legibility. Maybe even have legibility (usual cntext, robot to human. )
Here inverse legibility - human to robot. 

have the bullet come up first and then the picture. Explain the picture. 
 Inverse legibility. 

Slide 9

Break down sentences. 
Present each "section" of the project separately. standard the "bold/italics" coloring scheme

Slide 10:

Clear cut definition about belief. Talk about this as an alternate interprestation as a separate point. Don't make it confusing. Carefully choose words. 

Ordering of functions before second point. 
Quantifying measure systems estimate.
 
Different choice of words. Maybe When the equations are shown supplement it with diagrams. 
don';t use maximal twice. 

Slide 10b:

Describe how the intent inference is used in the assistance system. This will make sure that the results are interpreted right.

That is IF the intent inference got better, the assistance will be more (that is robot will bear more responsibility) in task completion and as a result the metrics will improve...
Slide 11:

Presentation: Use words. Goals: Confidences: etc...
Get rid of confidence equation
Remove the word Let



Slide 12:
animate and pop up. 
surface plots for confidences...And then slice it....Then project it. 

sLide 13:
Change notation for Dm. and gradient. Try 3d Pictures?
 Clkarify that Dm is calculted using Dk. tehrefore Algorithm is to compute dk. 

 Explain how the dm for modes are computed using Dk...Explain that the algorithm is to compute Dk...then Dm is easily derived from Dk. 

slide 14:

Grand equations.
No braces: using I bars. Flip the equations and sentences. 

Use the word "components"

slide 15:
Use "max" on the "y-axis"...Hightlight the "bar" on top. no one saw it. 

slide 18:
Box both w's . How is w defined. 
Describe what dk and Dm was again....

Label the equations: Remind people about control dimension, and modes
slide 19:

highlight pictures:
highlight goals. 
Have a "easiest" to hard indicator at the bottom.
bakcup slide for subjective preferences - if needed. 


slide 20:
no need for velocity control...using xyz etc. maybe talk about subjective preferences?
present 
why disamb in the bgeinning? why only in the bgeinning. 
Phase 1:
	Manual
	Disamb 
Phase 2:
	on Demand

Picture graph for paradigms...

Phase 1: 

Phase 2: block diagram

Slide 21:

Present each graph separately. Descibe the plots..X and Y axis. Put legend for tasks in the slide.  
Describ the plots. Lput the labels. 
Slide 22:
Make a new table...

Legend for RsG, Rdg at the bottom. 

slide 23:

don't dump graphs
Rework this properly. Bring back C1 and C2. Establish why x and z is the intuitive dimensions. And THEN show how the algorithm recovers that. 
Explain the graph...

Bring image back...Explain why the intution makes sense and they see if algo gives that intution

Slide 24:

Recreate table. Describe what NULL points mean. 
Slide 25:
Anchor the steps in picture...Recreate table...
slide 26:
break it down: 
limitations -> possible solution. order it that way. Be less converstaional in the bullets. 

slide 27:
Change the first line? What was developed?
Introduce the idea....


slide 28: 
Add keywords to slides. 

